40m lesson volumetric lighting
in bare volume lighting
gives extra
realism modeled scene and enhances
illusion of correctness imitating the flare
aerial shooting rays of light
additionally can be set
irregularities
resembling a dust veil or her
animation
adding a goal barks
list and if Hz appears Svetika
bare light parameters
the following settings
group lights illuminators
allows you to select the lights of the scene
which will mimic surround
shine
when pressing the button and klaipeda select
illuminators turn on mode
choose and then score on any
sources of
colors of the scene his name arises you
hiding list
group volume
adjust the atmosphere settings in
light stream light source
body color light bob kala
the color of the mist and it whine mk lorp color
there is no weakening of the department
Kolas further color selection
called I studied kumyshev on
according to samples
g n networks and density
mine max barks minimum
maximum light and atn cartoon but resident
weakening
set characteristics
luminous flux a switch from usa
Davos shadow filtering
sets one of the filtering modes
narrower
tricks low
didn't have an average
tall
or default news bark xmp
earlier use source mode
group aton but also tires
attenuation adjusts magnitude
start light attenuation
and the concert of the ear of light
group one of the irregularity
includes noise mode and
air heterogeneity
get colors
timeout counter value
sets all disturbances and the switch
type types sets them and
individuals
to simulate the vibrations of the atmosphere
and pointing them orientation serves
switch money frunze and his strength
rent source of feather beds supplying
wind force
animation like dust relying
rays of light
controlled and counted in the war phase
which need to be changed cyclically